README.md, before:

![logo](assets/images/the musical wave.png)

Milestone Project One
Jamie Wilson

Main Idea:
As a hobbyist music composer/producer I am constantly scrolling through the internet, 
reading reviews, tips, methods and generally trying to keep abreast of the constantly 
changing world of music technology. So I thought my project should centre around a site
that I myself would be interested in visiting on a regular basis.

I have arrived at the title of "The Musical .wav with a wave icon to instill the 
pronounciation of wave instead of wav.(maybe I'm trying to be too clever!?!)
A monthly website aimed at musicians young and old, experienced and unskilled, 
with the aim to educate and inform those who have an interest in creating music.

The page will consist of:
A main header with logo,
A main banner with a main feature,
A regular feature "meet the artists",
A regular feature "tech news",
A "this month" feature which would target a different aspect of music technology each month,
and finally a footer contining social links and copyright/ownership information.

I have decided to go with a style of text where I refrain from using capitals,I 
personally like this style but to some I appreciate it can look un-attractive. 


Source of images used:
Next Big Hit:       https://www.digitaldjtips.com/2018/11/how-dance-music-is-made-today-part-1-the-rise-of-the-bedroom-producer/
Audio Interfaces :  https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-usb-audio-interface/
Sophia Loizou :     https://blog.bimm.co.uk/sophia-loizou-women-in-music
Tech News:          https://www.musicradar.com/news/the-best-daws-the-best-music-production-software-for-pc-and-mac

Commit message:

Added animation effect to landing page image

README.md, after:

![logo](assets/images/the musical wave.png)

Milestone Project One
Jamie Wilson

Main Idea:

As a hobbyist music composer/producer I am constantly scrolling through the internet, 
reading reviews, tips, methods and generally trying to keep abreast of the constantly 
changing world of music technology. So I thought my project should centre around a site
that I myself would be interested in visiting on a regular basis.

The basis of the idea:

A monthly website aimed at musicians young and old, experienced and unskilled, 
with the aim to educate and inform those who have an interest in creating music.

Page Content:

The page will consist of:
A main header with logo,
A main banner with a main feature,
A regular feature "meet the artists",
A regular feature "tech news",
A "this month" feature which would target a different aspect of music technology each month,
and finally a footer contining social links and copyright/ownership information.

General Typography and styling:

I have decided to go with a style of text where I refrain from using capitals,I 
personally like this style but to some I appreciate it can look un-attractive. 

Methods used:

For the zooming animation used in the landing page front image, I refered back to the "Love running" module 
and used the guidance provided there to acheive the effect. I chose not to alter it other than increase the animation 
time to 3s because I felt happy with the general look of the effect.

Source of images used:
Next Big Hit:       https://www.digitaldjtips.com/2018/11/how-dance-music-is-made-today-part-1-the-rise-of-the-bedroom-producer/
Audio Interfaces :  https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-usb-audio-interface/
Sophia Loizou :     https://blog.bimm.co.uk/sophia-loizou-women-in-music
Tech News:          https://www.musicradar.com/news/the-best-daws-the-best-music-production-software-for-pc-and-mac
